## 1 Overview

GoClass is a back-end service developed by ZEGO for online classroom applications, which can be deployed directly or customized according to your needs.  

By deploying the GoClass back-end services directly, along with the use of ZEGO Express Video SDK, ZegoWhiteBoardView SDK, and ZegoDocsView SDK, you can get your interactive online learning applications up and running in a very short time. 

<div class="mk-warning">

ZEGO does not provide GoClass back-end operation services. The GoClass service source code is open. Developers need to download the source code to build the back-end system.
</div>


Features included:

- Create a classroom automatically upon the first login to the classroom.
- Notifications of any classroom member changes.
- Allow students and teachers to leave the classroom in the middle of a class.
- Allow teachers to end a class, which will also destroy the related classroom object.
- Support teachers to manager students' audio/video device status and sharing permission.

You can configure the maximum number of members and the maximum number of co-hosting members allowed in a classroom by modifying the configuration file `app.conf`.



## 2 Technical Introduction

GoClass cloud service is developed in Go language based on the open-source HTTP framework [beego|_blank](https://github.com/astaxie/beego). The current version uses `Redis` to store data and allows you to scale out your service on demand.


<div class="mk-warning">

* Currently, all the interfaces do not have built-in authentication. It is recommended that you add your own authentication process.
* Room IDs can be entered by users. If the specified room does not exist yet, it will be created automatically. If it already exists, then the user can be admitted into the room according to the business logic.
* User IDs should be generated by the client application and must be unique across the application to ensure that there will be no user ID conflicts in any classroom.
</div>


## 3 Service Deployment

1. Deploy Redis, where the status of the classrooms, teachers, and students will be stored.

2. Set up the configuration items for Redis, App Id, and App Secret in the file `app.conf` as demonstrated below.

<div class="mk-hint">

Please visit [ZEGO Admin Console\|_blank](https://console.zego.im/account/register?lang=en) to register a ZEGO account and create a project to get a ZEGO AppID and ServerSecret.  For the detailed instructions, please refer to [Project Management\|_blank](#1271).
</div>

```
RedisAddr = "192.168.100.62:6379" # redis host
RedisPassword = "" # redis password
RedisIndex = 8 # redis database

[SmallClass] # Configurations related to small classes
AppId = 1234567890
AppSecret = "eb2280544902dc1b7ab1fde3985bd083" # The ServerSecret obtained from the Zego Admin Console

[LargeClass] # Configurations related to large classes.
AppId = 1234567890
AppSecret = "eb2280544902dc1b7ab1fde3985bd083" # The ServerSecret obtained from Zego Admin Console
```

3. Go to the source code directory and run the executable file of the corresponding system.

```
cd edu_room
./edu_room_linux # Linux
./edu_room_mac # macOS
edu_room.exe # Windows
```
Or, you can install the Go development environment and then run the following commands:

```go
cd edu_room;go run main.go
```
